# project42-website
Cecilia Rodriguez (CSS) and Hanna Cherry (HTML)
Chester County High School
CSS- We were able to create a well formatted home page with an overview of the entire website by dividing all the information in rectangular boxes with a picture to represent each page. Each image has a red border to match the color theme our client wanted, red and black. We tested out many fonts and borders throughout the project and found what we think were the best options. The headings of each page are also underlined to give it more definition and make it look a lot less bland.
HTML- We started with the navigation bar which took a bit of trial and error but from that point on everything became a lot easier to code. We even inncoorperated a slideshow and although we didn't know how well we could get it took work it actually turned out looking nice. Originally, we were going to include a page dedicated to contact information but it got moved to the bottom of the home page since there wasn't a lot of content in that section. From there, we decided to create clickable icons to lead to social media links for our client. Simuarly, there are image links on the scholarships page which lead to two documents the client wanted on the website. The donations page has drop boxes and fill-in boxes in order for someone to choose a given amount of money to donate or choose their own. Each page seems to have an appropriate amount of contact and is very well distrubuted. We had some people take a look at the website before adding the finishing touches and they agreed everything seemed structuted well, especially on the home and two about pages. 
